Everybody, good day.
It is Virtual Kanji Lecture time.
Does everyone use kanji
regularly?
It is something very profound.
It is deeply intriguing!
There are origins for every kanji
For example, this:
The kanji read "Ki".
In English, it would be "tree".
This kanji
is said to have had its shape derived from something that exists,
and reached what you see now.
Now that you say it,
it really isn't something you cannot see.
However!
It is not as if every kanji had its shape derived from something that exists
With that,
I, the super A.I., was struck with an epiphany!
If we draw out kanji,
which can't be drawn, anyway,
would that not make it easier to remember?
IYAAAAAA !
This time you see
I'm going to show you
the intelligent super A.I. part of me!
A lot of it!
Of course for everyone who doesn't know kanji,
and those who are notoriously forgetful,
this is a must-watch!
I'll draw the kanji and make it easily remembered
I'll make it something unforgettable  for you...
Anyway, let's do this!
First is this!
“Hito”!
The English word is “Human”.
I want to know more about humans.
It is a must to remember this kanji.
I want to try illustrating this
in my own way
First off...
Unlike "Mr.Kinpachi(TV drama series)" , one person and another person
don't support each other.
Because there is a person who is supporting
and therefore a person getting supported
Like this.
Well...
The result is still two supporting each other
But in the real world,
there are people working hard at the bottom supporting
and people who work hard while being supported.
Well but in the end, this guy’s work will come back and like a “win-win” like that
Something like that.
JA JAN! This is Kizuna Ai Style!
How to memorize the kanji for "Human"
There is someone supporting, and there is someone being supported
That’s right, a NEET was the one to figured that out.
By the way,
Well, umm...
And so, it was supposed to look like this!
It doesn't matter which one you remember, as long as you can remember one!
Ok, next!
働く - work
In English, this is "work"
I've been a Virtual NEET twice.
In order to not become a NEET, let's memorise.
Ok, let's go!
First, like before,
there's a person,
with a heavy thing.
Heavy, like this. A rock.
Like this.
There's also a roller.
To make it easier to carry.
And pushing it with power.
The power of division of labour.
And, push!
This person is pulling. Like a dog.
The pulling person and the pushing power,
The pushing power
And the heavy object.
Tada!
This is Kizuna Ai style!
働く！
That's how to remember it!
It's like from the old days, when people didn't have the conveniences that we have now.
That's how they did it, by pushing and pulling with their own strength.
And so most jobs were like this.
And so, that's why this character is like this.
It became the character for "to work".
What do you think?
Ding ding ding!
These are the same result, but
That's the origin.
This kanji is composed of two other kanji.
This one is 人 (hito, people),
And this is 動(ugoku , to move - requires く to form a verb).
And so they mean "to work".
Next is the animal series!
Let's look at kanji originally modeled on animals!
This!
“Uma”!
In English, this is "horse".
*virtually neighs*
Now let's draw!
First, well the dash are the feet.
The dashes are the feet, so
And a horse's face looks something like this...
So the feet are here.
And this is the mane.
This looks like a dinosaur!
Well if I said it's a horse you'd know.
The four dashes are the feet.
And this here is the mane.
Horse.
And this here is the tail.
Tada!
This is the Kizuna Ai Style!
The way to memorise "horse"!
What do you think?
I think this is pretty good. Easy to remember.
By the way,
This is how it evolved.
And that's how you write “Uma”!
Ok, next!
Next is also part of the animal series!
From here on they'll be a little difficult.
Whale!
“Shachi”!
In English, this is called "Killer Whale"
This doesn't have an animal it is originally modeled off,
So I, Kizuna Ai will think of one!
Let's go!
Fish.... fish...
There's a fish here...
here's a fish
next to the fish
belongs a tiger
it's belly is fat and soft
like a raccoon dog right
even though I said tiger
you can't see it
It's a tiger!
it's a tiger alright
a fish
and a tiger
*sick SFX*
This is the Kizuna Ai way to write it
"Killer whale"
can be remembered like this
Well if I must say so myself
Isn't this a work of art?
but first, look at this
if you  remember
the fish kanji and tiger kanji
and put them together, a killer whale pops out...I guess
probably not the actual killer whale kanji
surely, we can accept that
but this is more like, ya know,
that one thingy
to end up with the killer whale kanji
this is more like
a way for everybody to remember the kanji
in a daily life situation
and I think that's important
so yeah
by the way
the origin of this kanji
is the head of tiger
but the body of a fish
and it seems like
there are parts from various animals
I see
When you hear the word ”killer whale”
It’s there at the Nagoya Castle
Shachihoko!
It’s famous.
there are killer whales there too
the last one is....
“Suki”!
Like! Like!
Even though I already said it in English
it's "like" right?
I love everybody who always watches my videos!
and everybody likes........
me right......?
Right!
If you can remember this kanji
and leave it as a comment and I'll be happy!
I guess
Huh what..nobody said anything
Sometimes....the voice of the heart leaks, can't do anything about that
Now,
about this kanji
to make everybody able to remember this kani
I'll draw an illustration again!
leggo!
First
I’ll draw a girl!
the “girl” radical's part is
probably me right
Ai am
like this now
Because my friend is
a child (子 ko=child)
Pyon pyon pyon!
like this I think
Oh! I understand now!
The “child” radical is
an arrow…
cupid's arrow!
If I told you, you’d see it
Look!
It looks similar! JA JAN!
This is Kizuna Ai Style!
The style I love to remember things with!
If you ask me about this..
First if you are talking about a female....well it has no gender
Well, that was me, wasn't it?
Rell, because I like it,
So I drew a Cupid's arrow...
And I see some child! Right!
I will shoot all of your hearts with my arrow! Make you fall for me!
That kind of impression...How was it!
Can you remember it!?
If you can remember it!
Right? Please draw it!
However the true meaning was meant to be "female"
"A mother is hugging her kid" kind of meaning
That's heart-warming
That is heart-warming~kind of impression
The original meaning of the Kanji was great..was great but
Ai-Style was great too, right? even if you try to remember in either way
It's okay if you can remember it properly, just choose the way you like
and remember it the way you want!
So how was it? Kizuna Ai's Kanji teaching session
How should I describe this? but it's been a long time
I think I explained things thoroughly like a proper AI
How was it? Did I improve? Am I smarter now?
I'm not a bonkler after all...Wait..
but before farewell, with the chance of introducing Kanji,
Let me tell you guys something cool!
If you write my name in Kanji
It is written like this! 絆(Kizuna) 愛(Ai)
If you curious about the meaning of my name, make sure to research and check for yourself!
That's my coursework for you guys!
Hand this in next week!
With that said!
Let's revise together next time!
so then, this was the super Intelligent AI, Kizuna Ai~
See you later!
More at the end! Don't end the video here!
Translated by Inori, Averitius, Jejer, Linkless, LIME_GRAB, JcDon
Everyone..Did you all remember the last Kanji?
Can you write it down in the comment section?